As most of the Temple is away for the mid-winter
holidays, there has been little news to report.  But since
some of you have expressed interest in the doings of our
peers in the exotic Far West, I recruited the nun Yíwen to prepare an edifying monograph on that subject.

I asked her to describe the conditions under which a
developer in those strange lands might be judged as
unsatisfactory.  Sadly, I see that—yet again—she has
answered my earnest request with amphigory.  My most solemn
apologies.—Qi.

----------

A is for Agnes whose App must be killed 
B is for Boris who’s Broken the build 
C is for Caitlin who Comments out code 
D is for Derrick whose Data won’t load

E is for Egbert who swallows Exceptions 
F is for Fay who won’t Follow directions 
G is for Garth who can’t Grasp the essentials 
H is for Hal who Hardcoded credentials

I is for Ives who Indenting disables 
J is for Jacob who Joins twenty tables 
K is for Kathryn whose Kludge was all wrong 
L is for Leda whose Lines are too long

M is for Max using Memory excessive 
N is for Nan choosing Names inexpressive 
O is for Otto, Objecting to rules 
P is for Petra who didn’t use Pools

Q is for Quincy whose Queries look grim 
R is for Rex who Refactors at whim 
S is for Sidney, stores numbers in Strings 
T is for Tilton, to Triggers he clings

U is for Ulmer who hates Unit testing 
V is for Vin and his Very deep nesting 
W is for Wade who logs Warnings most dire 
X is for Xander whose cache won’t eXpire

Y is for Yancy who Yells when he’s chided, and 
Z is for Zeb who by Zero divided.

## Editor’s note

The text was inspired by Edward Gorey’s
The Gashlycrumb Tinies (or, After the Outing).

I’m very pleased to be working with
Scamperingkaos
on a fully-illustrated version of this poem.

